Music
Excuse me, Officer, can you help me?
Sure. Can you tell me how to get to Linden Street in Riverdale?
Richard Stewart, 46 Linden Street, Riverdale, New York.
You should take the number one subway.
Is there a station near here?
Yes, the station's that way.
Richard, take the number one train to Van Courtland Park.
Number one train to Van Courtland Park.
Thank you.
Anytime, good luck.
Remember the number one train, the uptown platform.
Thank you.
Music
Is this pink too bright for me?
Mm-hmm.
It is a very bright pink.
Yes.
I'm just going to go ahead and see what I'm going to do.
Try this.
It's size eight, but I wear size ten.
How about green?
It's size ten.
Let me try it on.
I'm taking too much of your time.
It's six o'clock.
Where's my husband?
I was expecting him here at 5.45.
Don't worry, the traffic is very heavy at this hour.
I know.
But we're going to be late for dinner.
I'll take this green sweater.
I like the color on me, don't you?
I think it looks terrific on you.
I'm sorry, I'm so late.
I had a really bad day.
It's ten after six.
We're late.
Robby's cooking tonight and dinners at 6.30.
I know.
I'm really sorry.
I left my bag of film on the ferry.
I went back for it, but the ferry was gone.
I lost a whole day's work.
I'll call the Staten Island Ferry Lost in Found Office.
I didn't think of that.
Thanks.
Hello.
Yes.
The number please of the Staten Island Ferry Lost in Found Office.
5.55.
0.08.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it, Marilyn.
Hello.
Did anyone find a camera bag this afternoon?
A small canvas bag.
On the J.F. Kennedy Ferry.
No.
Maybe someone will find it.
The name is Stewart.
Richard Stewart.
And the telephone number is 555-3090.
Thank you.
Sorry, Richard.
They don't have it.
Thanks anyway.
There was a girl on the ferry.
Tell me about it on the way home.